has gone Lancefield powder here welcome
to the 17 episode a road to a better
public sexy now we saw an informed pee
and inform go cook so if you want to go
back to the start at the episode pause
it and have a look at the chief team I
have to build a cheap team around them
because Bujang ebi sold him for 20k less
than I bought and for Zoey the stupid
Belgium bollocks ripped me off but there
ya go back and I've got a bit 7k to work
with so we've got any players to
recommend to fit in there then let me
know but anyway we come up against a
five to 12 on this legal team with svn
Royce I look at a beautiful little
goalie scored I was in control of Fanny
and their fee for like no we want to
control funny and I did not win the
header but anyway this guy was tough to
break down because the foyer the back
just made a very kind of closer just
like a massive clusterfuck and cork off
they're probably sure done better but he
had a man hanging out of him you know
and towards the end of this game we
started to pile on the pressure on and
we almost break through here with Paille
have a look at this bit laggy but Chase
is good decent safe from outer layer has
to be said and then in the final few
minutes makuu breaks through a lovely
little ball across so I just wanted to
Remy to fuck his body at that but he
didn't and so i'm not i'm not a big fan
of remy in this game actually your
tinker whoopee but is 92 base and for
Sarah skills but he'd never seem to get
involved with the play so you'll see
later on in this episode that I used
lisandro lopez and it works a bit better
but this guy his team is class he's got
Cristiano Ronaldo named her as an ST and
Jesus Christ leave just the snow is well
just made a fairly tough boy he braced
her and I love here and finally goes in
for the tackle and gets a straight red I
was so pissed off with this because
there's no it wasn't needed the keeper
had saved the shot you know was gone out
for a corner and then I get red card
anyway so it's a bit of a pain in the
air I'm just look at this actually from
Serie go the stupid love hair bollocks
what did he what is he doing Jesus
Christ is absolutely crazy and imagine
if that had gone in or just want to
probably sharp my left bollock off but
we actually have a replay this girl
because AB de nor is his foot got caught
a name her today you can see that so I'm
call it that should be a free oh that's
bullshit
and I'll oh it's just a bit of a pain in
the ass because I told in the past back
to the keeper and a marriage was got in
the way and bought Gourcuff you know he
is a player who seems to be very decent
player and as a great strike from the
outside out from outside the box Oh is
the light of that they're beautiful
little French bollocks and now this is
lovely a move here as well but gourcuff
have a look at this give Iran tackles he
doesn't get the ball and I just
completely threw me off fucking out
referee so we finish with a worn all I'm
not too disappointed with that and I
probably would have warned if I had a
man on the pitch but to come back from a
10 deficit with 10 men is pretty decent
and we saw this guy caribou way he
looked absolutely decent what the fuck
absolutely decent is citrus sounds weird
and it he looks absolutely classes all I
meant to say and we start up in this
game this guy's got noise teams
obviously keeping tabs on Tottenham's
potential transfers because he's got
lamela in there and then he's got Sal
dado with the Valencia version in there
was well but a we score with caribou way
on his debut is delighted with that I'm
Sirica keeps in the game thanks Peter
jaysus and there it was just here this
is another cluster fuck have a look at
this thanks be to jay-z's he didn't
score just before halftime but just
after halftime he mostly given his lads
Omar injustice al da sound ah bowling so
quit Musa than Bailey and a score is a
pretty simple going these girls are so
frustrating to concede the ones that go
on dear goalkeeper you know what I mean
oh my god so frustrating well there IA
is a good player I'm telling you now and
have a look at this he does something
stupid as well like okay you're
basically giving me an open goal here at
issue into an pee does the business nice
little free-kick there but this guy I
have to have to say he was a very good
player there was no bullshit involved in
this you know what I mean he just was a
good player so fair play to whoever
you're good game and I was all attack
towards the end here so he ended up
getting a goal from wit Soldado as well
most it'll finish from the man and so
he'd be before two I can't complain too
much and it was a decent game so fair
play Tim so this is getting to the stage
where we started off our first three
games we've lost two and we draw on
Warren that's absolutely rubbish so am
I've kind of brought lisandro lopez into
the start at 11 here at this stage you
know what i mean and we're kind of given
the lads a little back massage going you
can do it last and then we come up
against a forward to 12 Premier League
team and there's it looks solid enough
and lisandro lopez you know just 10 you
have obviously a brilliant manager
because the santo lopez straightaway
scores are in the last game caribou a
scored on his debut it I'm obviously
just brilliant no I think you can tell
from my record I am an absolute heap of
shy but have a look at this effort from
Gokul if this went in I would have wiped
myself silly for the next week and it
was a great effort in fairness though it
was the game got very lucky and he got a
corner and he score from the corner and
then this just this is just a little
example of how lucky this game got I
swear to god it was so frustrating i
don't know if you've ever played a game
like this but it was probably a combined
thing with more useless all your shit
internet I'd say my dad was downloading
poured or soda haha no it's a boy dad
was downloading loads of music as well
my mom was watching and stuff on the
internet as well now when I say stuff i
mean like soaps like EastEnders on
Coronation Street not dirty things so
get that out of your head boo let the
lad could have faded away and the Sandra
Lopez I thought he was offside and they
ended up scoring kind of flute a little
bit and then thanks Pete the Jays as I
score it as well because I would have
been so frustrated wrong with this guy
I'm Gourcuff sketch true and a simple
little finish area man brings his keeper
off the line and i will tell you yoann
gourcuff I'm parade they both have great
shots on delighted with that and also
I've got Beckham in there so he can
spread the ball to them fairly well as
well so I like having a player with a
good pass on him caribou a is the dog's
bollocks as well it has to be said now
usually I have 4a games per episode but
because the first few games are shy doe
decided to throw in an order one so a
five game episode geez I'm spoiling her
rotten pair lads but like I said caribou
a look hehe might be a little hidden gem
I'm not gonna I've only played like two
games of them are two or three games of
them so far so I'm not gonna jump into a
jet but he seems to be quite decent from
the open few
it's now lisandro lopez look at this the
way he skins that defender ghetto the
fuck away look it up for a finish holy
mother of Jesus smack me on the bomber
call me Jimmy I used to always say that
was when I was like 11 or 12 ER don't
know I just thought was absolutely
hilarious spank me on the Bowman call me
Jimmy uh fucking her that's why voices
like you know a really high pitch like
mickey mouse or something ha but yeah we
all took a lot of long shots in this
game we've got David Beckham he's
well-known you know for having a good
rifle Adam so I said why not just take
advantage of that and there we didn't
but I have a look at this little move
from Pierre's nice bit of skills we got
a little bit looky here at the bar
bubbling all over the shop and an
absolutely terrible finish without small
bad but who cares we won the game we've
got five games left we actually need to
win all of them to win Division one so
I've given myself a bit of a challenge
but I love a challenge and I hope you've
enjoyed last enjoy your Saturday and I
love you it's for ago some say is
finishing is a Mariko oh jesus what a
shoujo girl oh my god I'll add that to
my gel capillary aha vocabulary for shit
jokes Oh mother'god lads that's a nope
she jokes with today I promise